hi big hello from portland oregon
welcome to another episode of b2b
marketing and more
in this specific show i talk about
everything b2b related and today i have
a special guest
steve kearns from linkedin and we will
be talking about content marketing and
blog and social media i had such a great
conversation with him we actually
broke this down into part one and part
two and i hope that you can listen and
learn from him a lot of good nuggets in
terms of you want to scale your content
across regions so let's get started okay
talk to us in terms of the blog the
centerpiece yes and how do you manage
your writing staff are they in-house or
outsourced
and do you have any suggestions to the
listeners
in terms of how to manage the writing
staff you know
for enterprises and also for small
businesses so i'm focused on leading the
strategy kind of cross-functional
relationships.connecting across you know
the blog function social media marketing
function and the web content marketing
function and then within my team we have
dedicated subject matter experts for
each of those channels so to speak i
have a blog editor-in-chief whose sole
job is to focus on
running the day-to-day and you know
really setting the vision for the
topics we're going to talk about the
content strategy on the blog
specifically that is her name's takiyah
burt she's been working in the b2b
marketing space she was connected to me
through another colleague sean callahan
sean is fantastic too i happen to know
both of them i love them they're really
wonderful people we're so lucky to have
so many great content marketers here at
linkedin he is now focused full-time on
delivering sort of that day-to-day
operations but also content strategy and
vision for the blog and you know there's
no better person who who knows the b2b
marketing space and you know can really
set that vision than to kia and she
works with a number of different
partners across our business both
internally to source uh internal
submissions so where you'll have
different stakeholders across the
business submitting content to her
saying hey i want to write about x y and
z
is this a fit for the blog and we've
actually preempted those submissions
with what we're calling style guide so
we send around to our partners because
otherwise you get into a situation where
the tail is wagging the dog
with stakeholder submissions we say hey
here are the six things that i'm just
six is an arbitrary number but here are
the six things that we talk about and
here are the six things that our
audience wants to hear about here's a
breakdown of what our audience
demographics look like here's who visits
the blog here are the tr here's the
traffic data here is the you know volume
of subscribers we have access to just so
we give our partners a full picture of
what it is they're writing for who it is
they're speaking to et cetera to make
sure that we're actually getting
productive submissions so that's one
lens is that external submission or a
combination of internal and external
submission a little bit of both i would
say more toward internal but that can
also account for external as well so
really anything that's coming through
other marketers in our organization or
folks externally
that's going to go through that like
style guide or submission-esque process
where we inform folks who are writing
for the blog hey this is what we're
looking for this is what good looks like
provide them examples give them like
image guidelines just like make it a
really easy experience for them to be
able to
submit something that's optimized for
the blog i would say the other lens that
we look at is tequila works specifically
with an agency to produce all of our seo
driven content again are working with
with experts in the b2b marketing field
to look at what are the keywords that
our business wants to go after and then
also what topics among our target
audience have the highest search volume
it's kind of triangulating between those
two topics to figure out
well the other fifty percent of our blog
content is gonna be focused specifically
on making sure we're ranking in google
effectively one of the things when i
first took over the blog that i was
shocked by was that we weren't actually
ranking for
some things that we really should be
ranking for like on page one
things like how to market on linkedin
something as simple as that you should
own that exactly exactly
so that was one of the mandates as we
went into the migration we said well
part of the problem is that
we've created 10 different content
pieces about how to market on linkedin
that are all diluting the search volume
and the search traffic so what we need
to actually start doing and this is
something that i say over and over and
over again to our cross-functional
stakeholders is you need to take one
blog post
that you turn into like a power page and
you update that periodically so you
continue to remind google that that is
the page that deserves the authority and
that becomes your primary page for which
you funnel the majority of your traffic
you can always link them off to sub
pages to microsites to webinars to
advertising platform directly but it's
again consolidating that information
updating that information regularly and
making sure that we're giving the search
engine the road map to prioritize our
content effectively so that is the other
50 of the content is focused on search
engine optimization focus content so let
me summarize very quickly sounds like
your whole editorial in terms of
managing your content there are two
buckets if you will
one is based on internal external
submission obviously that needs to align
with the four pillars and 21 topics
and then the other one is you really
really hung in on some of the things
that say linkedin marketing solution
well needs to be you know need to own
or some of the content that from your
perspective that really needs to rank on
the first page of google
and with that you will be very very
specific and you customize the content
granted it's still very much relevant to
users needs but you will write it
specifically for seo but the writing
what that kind of pose is you have to
hone in in terms of seo optimized type
of content yes i like that that's
actually very good steve you actually
have a very very good approach thank you
for content marketing oh my god thank
you it's been a labor of love and hats
off to folks like takiyah and sean our
agency partners who you know genuinely
have taught me everything i know and
yeah we're so lucky to have the folks in
the room that we do and also i think
leadership that's supportive of these
these like big sweeping changes that we
want to make to say hey we're actually
going to get rid of 60 of the content
we've paid to create already
because it's not doing anything for us
it doesn't have the page views we wanted
to have nobody cares about it so they've
been really helpful in supporting us you
literally have to kill your own children
in a way your baby too actually
it's a rebirth another thing i would
like to ask specifically is in terms of
the
updating and refreshing the blog post
how often do you kind of evaluate
given that you have so many blog posts
right over thousands of them
how do you manage that how do you
determine which one to refresh and
update and
what kind of data do you look we've
actually just started our like refreshed
refreshing seo optimization workflow
because we wanted to do the migration
first and then once we had the
infrastructure in place we said okay
let's turn our attention to
seo
so the direction that i gave my team was
and this is a lot of guidance that came
from from our agency partners as well is
like well let's focus on the stuff
that's on fire right now so what is on
fire posts from
2016 or 2017 that talk about how to
advertise on linkedin
that is where the majority of our search
traffic is going to and
they show outdated screenshots they talk
about products that don't exist anymore
a complete mess we wanted to make sure
that we dealt with those posts first so
in this first wave of optimizations
which you'll actually see
republishing across our blog in the next
couple of months you're going to be
seeing a lot of posts that focus on how
to advertise on linkedin posts that are
focused on key search terms like demand
generation lead generation content
marketing social media marketing et
cetera those are going to be
us taking our highest traffic posts
and bringing them into the modern age
into what marketing looks like on in
2021 what marketing on linkedin looks
like in 2021 that is top priority
because you have to look at like what is
the most critical thing to to prioritize
then once we get past that wave of posts
and there's probably i would say top top
priority about 100 posts
you know secondary priority maybe 250
out of all of them that makes a lot of
sense to me too in general you really
follow that 90 10
rule or 2080 rule 3 000 10 of them and
then you can get to a point where right
now we're being reactive but then we're
going to move into a phase where we
become proactive so once we get to a
place where
our highest performing content you know
over x number of page views is all
recent ie has been updated in 2021 or
2022 then we can move to okay you know
it's like similar to what we talked
about of our you know topic tagging
structure on the blog where you have
looking at specific pain points and then
looking at specific advertising products
and creating a power page for each of
those needs
when you say page can you be a little
bit specific does that mean that you
actually have the landing page of its
own
or it's still a blog page but it's a
loan form how do you define that yeah so
the latter definitely uh is you hit the
nail on the head pam looking at really
just it's a longer blog post that's
going to be updated periodically so
that's like a phrase we use at linkedin
but i'm glad you asked me to to define
it because that could totally be be
confusing for someone who doesn't work
in the context of the linkedin
corporation we really look at these
long-form blog posts that we're going to
be updating periodically time over time
usually it's going to be on a quarterly
or a biannual basis you know what we
want to do there is we want to make sure
that every single time
someone is searching for
a b2b marketing keyword or a b2b
marketing pain point or objective or if
they're searching for one of our
products specifically if they don't
necessarily know what their objective is
but they know they want to use linkedin
sponsored content in either of those
unique instances they're going to have
one microsite page they land on and one
blog post they land on so that you again
you know are like coalescing that
organic search traffic around
one page
on the microsite one page on the blog
and what that allows us to also do is
say
okay maybe that's only a hundred pages
and we have to make sure that those 100
pages
are near perfect they are solid
and we have to make sure the reporting
and tracking is right on those pages we
have to make sure that they're updated
consistently and that's a much easier
charter for my team and for
cross-functional teams than okay you
have 6 000 blog posts you have to make
sure they're all
sort of updated i'm just going to take a
little break here in terms of if you
like the content steve has shared so
much useful content if you really like
it a comment and like below and if you
have any specific questions ask and i
will actually make sure that even i can
address that question if i can't i will
have steve address that question okay so
comment and like below it will be
greatly appreciated
let's switch gear a little bit and i
know that your title is the head of blog
and social media marketing so what
social media channels are you using in
addition to linkedin of course do what
other a channel do you use it do you do
pay as well we do paid media so we do
paid media across really all platforms
and that is handled on my team focuses
primarily on organic social media we
have other teams that handle our paid
social media twitter
facebook
and of course your linkedin your native
platform what about tick tock tick tock
so we use that at the corporate level we
do not use that at the marketing
solutions level just yet it's this is an
interesting callout because we're an
advertising business
is that we've had a
i would say a
a bit of like a story journey in terms
of figuring out what social media
platforms we should leverage especially
organically so because my team handles
organic social media we're currently
across linkedin twitter instagram and
youtube is facebook it's not one of your
options huh can you tell us why yeah so
uh and this is this is a conversation
that we've gone back and forth on
internally quite a bit there's there's
two things here the first is looking at
the context of different platforms and
what those platforms are going to do for
us twitter
right now our channel mix twitter
linkedin instagram youtube are all
vastly different content platforms they
are completely i'm actually on all
platforms many people would tell me pam
you should focus on one but the thing is
i'm a consultant right and the b2b
marketing consultant i need to know all
platforms so i test the waters all the
time i also know that doing the video
platform
is very different than say writing blog
you know one of the things that we've
tried to really focus in on is making
sure that we can communicate in very
different contexts in each of on each of
those platforms so video on youtube
obviously we do a lot of graphic content
on instagram that's really top of funnel
on twitter we have an opportunity to
have a little more of a conversation
with our audiences and and have that new
style programming and then on linkedin
you know that's really our bread and
butter channel when it comes to
showing that we can be a best in case or
best-in-class use case for marketing on
the platform in terms of your question
pam around why why not facebook i think
there's so much overlap on facebook
between the use cases on twitter the use
cases on linkedin
youtube etc that we didn't feel that we
needed to add another platform platform
to the mix you know there was also a
kind of a conscious decision around
we want to make sure we're investing
primarily in linkedin facebook google
twitter i mean they're all key
advertising competitors of ours
and we want to make sure that we are
not so much that we don't see the value
in marketing on facebook we absolutely
do
it's more of okay my team has 40 hours a
week to spend yeah you want to
prioritize
i want them to be spending 30 of those
hours thinking about how we market on
linkedin on these four channels yeah i
mean i would say one of the
the interesting things about my journey
at linkedin is looking at how much more
robust linkedin and arlington pages
experience has become over the last five
years so when i first joined the the
social marketing team five years ago we
were primarily using twitter because our
platform didn't have the capabilities it
now has
to be as dynamic in terms of capability
to have events streaming capabilities
just that the page manager experience to
be able to have those two-way
conversations as a brand now you can do
all of that on linkedin so it gives us a
really clear mandate to say
we now have all of the tools we need to
build a brand on linkedin first
now my team is taking advantage of that
which is a really i would say positive
exciting transition that we've made away
from doing
marketing first on another platform so
now we're doing marketing first on our
own platform and that
for obvious reasons makes a ton of sense
that strategically that makes a lot of
sense to me given that i'm in the
corporate world for a long time yeah now
another question i would like to ask you
giving that the four channels that you
mentioned linkedin twitter instagram and
youtube do you have a set of frequency
in terms of publishing for each channel
or is the same like you know blog you
mentioned is five days a week okay great
but do you do that for every single
channel or they have a different set of
frequency yes so for each channel each
has its own set of frequencies so i
would say on instagram it's about three
times a week twitter is i believe about
once a day and then linkedin is going to
be two to three times a day youtube is
more as needed as we have new video
series that come out in a future state
we would get much more advanced with
youtube where there's actually a ton of
seo
yeah definitely this is just another
monster that you have to master exactly
like there could be a whole full-time
job dedicated to
the sort of suggested like the linking
and backlinking you can do in youtube
videos like next your content
suggestions etc we don't have the
bandwidth to do that currently so we're
more
uploading and kind of saying here you go
but i think that's definitely a future
goal of mine if the team continues to
grow
you touch this a little bit and i have
to come to that realization myself as
well the copywriting or even
script writing i call script writing for
youtube especially on the video they are
all very very different depending on
it's you cannot do one size fits all
type of publishing anymore even you
write one for one blog post the way that
you write copy needs to be very
different
at the four different channels
talk to us in terms of how do you manage
that
in terms of like for one blog that you
have to write different copies for
different channels how do you manage
that it's so
massive from time to time giving that i
do it myself and i know how much work
that is is it any
tips and tricks to make that easy i will
say it's incredibly time consuming and i
can talk about how i've done it in the
past that was scalable and then how we
do it now as a much larger company what
we've done in the past is i think even
going into this role many many years ago
it was well known that you need to play
into the hand of each social platform or
play into the context of each social
platform when you're creating content so
you don't want to i mean you're fitly
unable to
write an essay on twitter you can't you
know there's a character limit on
linkedin there are context limitations
on instagram you know instagram is
primarily a visual platform what we're
focused on delivering is making sure
that or what i focused on in the past is
taking the i would say most valuable
components of let's say a blog post that
we have to offer so if that's things
like compelling statistics compelling
quotes
several bullet points of information in
terms of key takeaways and then it's
taking those and then kind of fitting
them into the character counts or
character limits for each platform if
you are a one-person show
what i would typically do is i would
take like a paragraph of the most
valuable information i'd start with that
text paragraph exactly
and then you start highlighting parts
pieces and parts of it and then that is
a message that ends up across your
different platforms it's not the same
exact message
but it is
very similar you know now what we do at
linkedin and we're fortunate that we
were able to have access to the
resources and the size of the team that
we do have to be able to go a layer
deeper
is that we will actually
take those you know it's the same
concept in theory where you take those
tidbits and pieces of information from
the block that are most valuable but
what we're doing now is we're actually
going we're working with our design
teams our copywriting teams to create
bespoke assets for each channel
that is wonderful is it nice to actually
have budget oh yes
well that was going to be my follow-up
as i was like it's very expensive to do
that and we have pretty big budgets at
linkedin when i see the amount of hours
it takes to design something
specifically for you know if you look at
a design statement of work you'll have
previously used to just be okay your
blog assets and your infographic and
then you would drop the link into social
now if you look at one of my campaigns
you customize everything
linkedin asset one two three four five
six
same with twitter asset one two three
four five six instagram so exactly and
then your bill is tens of thousands of
dollars i agree
you can do it on smaller budget but
still it's really time consuming
i 100 agree with you i'll give you a
really quick example we have a content
piece that's live on our blog right now
that looks at the engagement trends of
generation z so we've recognized that
gen z is one of the largest buying
cohorts or will be one of the largest
buying cohorts um in b2b moving forward
because they're entering the workforce
yeah they're entering the workforce in
ten years they are going to be a
management staff exactly so the question
is how do you market to them how do they
like to be marketed too in a way that's
different than millennials and the
answer is they're very different than
millennials in terms of their value set
what they believe in so we have all of
that data you know that's proprietary
data to linkedin their behaviors on the
platform how brands are messaging to
them are they doing it successfully what
not so we've taken all of that data
we've put that across our blog and then
i'll just give you the linkedin example
we've then taken that data or snippets
of that data and we've launched
flipbooks so it's literally like pdfs
that you can flip through like a book on
linkedin they're directly uploaded into
the feed instead of just saying hey go
to the blog to read all about this
people are actually getting that
experience in the social feed which you
know again if they're only spending
three seconds looking at it or giving
three seconds of their attention which
would even be generous in this kind of
climate they're still able to understand
what we're talking about they develop an
understanding of what it is we care
about or we're trying to say at linkedin
and you know it deepens the relationship
with the brand it deepens their
understanding of our campaign our
message even if they don't get the
chance to go to the blog so we hope that
we're providing like unique kind of
content consumption experiences on our
blog on our social media handles and
then within our social media handles on
each platform specifically steve is
providing so much valuable information
if you really like uh what he's saying i
would really appreciate that you give a
thumbs up and likes and also comment
below and subscribe to a b2b marketing
channel if you can if you have any
specific questions let me know reach out
to me anytime
that leads to the next question how do
you measure your team's success
there's a couple of core kpis we look at
the first bucket i would categorize
these into is around engagement the
second bucket we'd categorize these into
is around performance let's talk a
little bit about the engagement bucket
first we're fortunate that at linkedin
even though we are a b2b marketing team
we market on behalf of a very large
brand one of our core kpis is making
sure that we're inspiring the kind of
trust the kind of brand love the kind of
bonds that people need to have with a
social media brand the size of linkedin
we know that that's good brand marketing
101 is to build those trusted
relationships with our audiences what is
the kpi that we track there we're
looking primarily at our engagement data
we like to benchmark against number one
industry standards so b2b marketing
industry standards then also looking at
like competitive benchmarks so what is a
benchmark if we can source that data
from our key competitors like google and
facebook twitter whatnot and then it's
looking at very granular metrics like
for our blog time on page page views
sessions
unique sessions unique page views a lot
of the data that you are tracking is
kind of like a secondary data
how do you communicate that with
management yeah it's a good question
it's it and it's an ongoing conversation
that we are having with our leadership
it's really a lot of education because
you know you have to
and i imagine this is easier at a large
brand than it is at a smaller brand very
true by the way just by the nature of
the resources we have access to and i
think the long-term thinking that we
have to have as a market leader versus
being focused on those short-term kpis
which are like hey if i need to make
payroll the next month and i need to
meet the demands of my customers yeah
you have to bring the lead exactly
exactly luckily we've gotten to a stage
where that is equally as important but
we also need to make sure that we're
sustaining trust and you know bonds with
our customers i would say your key
objective if you will and correct me if
i'm totally yeah it's really you focus
on top of the note you try to build that
brain awareness you try to build that
trust yes now the b2b companies that can
associate with absolutely
to me it's the brain equity
and also the trust and the thought
leadership it's not necessarily focusing
on the bottom of the funnel if you will
and in terms of the way we communicate
that to our leadership
it's again that education journey around
what is the importance of brand and what
is the importance of building these
connective bonds and this connective
tissue with our customers because at the
end of the day is you should be a good
storyteller if you're a content marketer
is that you need to go and tell a story
to your leadership team to say hey look
even though this is not giving you a
lead and you know there is some content
there are some content marketing efforts
and i'll talk about that second bucket
in a second that are delivering leads
and generating demand but for this
engagement bucket
when someone picks up the phone one of
your sales reps calls your customer are
they going to pick up are they going to
trust what they're hearing from your rep
and if the answer is no like chances are
you don't have a very strong brand and
you don't have a very strong reputation
with your customers and a lot of how you
establish that trust that reputation
those connective bonds is through some
of this top of funnel marketing to
relate that back to the metrics we're
looking at goes back to that old phrase
and i'll probably butcher it but it's
like if a tree falls in the forest and
you know no one's around to hear it does
it really make a sound yeah we can
publish posts all day we have the
resources we have the people but if
we're not getting the engagement
then it doesn't matter so we're just
wasting our time we're spinning our
wheels and we're adding more noise into
an already crowded social media
landscape
what we've done in the past couple of
years is really look at how do we
actually reduce our publishing cadence
so that we can put more energy behind
one or two posts a day that are going to
really resonate because you know i don't
have to explain the network effect of
social media to anybody i'm sure who's
listening quality over quantity
exactly in the same way that it's really
hard to get someone to answer the phone
or to book a meeting with someone yeah
it's also really hard to get someone to
engage on social media especially when
your cohort of target audience is
marketers like we're currently people
it's very hard to walk into us right
exactly that's our world and what we try
to tell our stakeholders too is like
look
for someone to stop what they're doing
and to comment or to add value and kind
of create this two-way conversation with
the brand that is just as valuable in
some way shape or form as
them picking up the phone or them
answering the phone call and then
further engaging or responding to an
email from a rep because again it's them
taking their time and them electing to
say hey this struck a chord with me and
i am going to engage with the brand and
over time yeah it's a long play it's a
long play the brain awareness building
is a long play and especially when you
look at sas marketing ads marketing is a
little bit more cyclical and a little
bit more immediate but in a lot of b2b
marketing the buying cycles are so long
that you do need to create that
long-term play
i know that the ds linkedin sales
solutions
do you work closely with them yes we do
so we actually used to be organized in
conjunction with them as well so my
previous role before i stepped into this
role was leading blog and social
marketing on behalf of
our marketing solutions business and our
sales solutions business so i know that
side of the business very well as well
so do you provide content to them or you
are primarily just a marketing solution
do they actually try to take advantage
of some of the content that you created
so we're primarily focused on creating
content for our core audience which are
going to be marketers and our core
revenue stream which is going to be
marketing solutions and what we've done
in the past and what we continue to do
is we meet with them pretty regularly to
figure out what are those
crossover stories that we can tell so
for example
one of the stories that we've found a
lot of pick up with is the storytelling
around diversity equity and inclusion we
have very different worlds or revenue
streams at linkedin we have our talent
solutions business which also
encompasses our learning solutions
business when we said from a b2b
perspective at linkedin let's think
about equity and let's think about
diversity equity and inclusion as a
topic as a business topic it's something
that we want to
invest in more heavily and invest in
content creation on behalf of
the talent story is very different from
the sales and marketing story 100 agree
it's because recruiter is a completely
different persona if you will they're
exactly marketing yeah exactly so that's
where we found a lot of crossover
stories is saying well the sales and
marketing conversation for dee and i is
actually very similar because then it
focuses on your practices it goes beyond
hiring and it looks at what are
inclusive sales practices inclusive
language you can leverage on sales calls
how does that translate to marketing
what does that mean for marketing
creative in the b2b space how do you
work equity into the buying cycle and
the buying process to make sure that you
are not alienating people because your
organization is not kind of up to snuff
when it comes to
really being progressive you know in
terms of looking at making equity a
priority so we've partnered with them on
a number of different research pieces
core narratives
to make sure that we're saying hey we
understand that sales and marketing sit
in a very similar wheelhouse they also
diverge quite a bit we want to make sure
that if there are stories that do have
that crossover that we tell them in a
cohesive way
so i actually have two personal
questions i would like to ask you
obviously in terms of a career
development
you have a fairly solid career path
right from viacom down to sony to
actually linkedin
do you have any
advice for young firing marketing
professionals in terms of what they need
to do to manage their careers in terms
of advice and then i'll also pivot to
one thing i would have done a little bit
differently do the things you say you're
going to do
it's very simple you know this is
specifically for folks kind of just
getting started or wanting to break into
marketing you'd be surprised how few
people do that
don't be a talker be a doer
and keep your promise one of the phrases
that we use at linkedin is trust is
consistency over time i think that
applies to business that applies to your
career i'll give you the example of the
blog migration which we talked about
earlier
that was a project that was passed over
probably several times until they gave
it to me and they gave it to me because
they knew that even if it was going to
be stressful i had a track record at
linkedin to do the things that i said i
was going to do on the timelines i said
i was going to do them
if you committed to get it done
the people know you will get that done
exactly and that is worth its weight in
gold that is why if people move on in
their careers they're going to call you
to hire you and they're going to
consider you for projects and promotions
it's really simple advice don't over
commit yourself and be sure to follow
through on your commitments it's for me
to be independent consultant for clients
to continuously come to me and vote vice
same thing i have to deliver what i said
i'm going to deliver why is this not
going to work absolutely
the other question i would like to ask
you is so what show are you binge
watching right now and do you recommend
it i am actually on the final episode of
succession you know what
brian collins who is a writer i
interviewed earlier and the mention
about the succession as well my son got
me into it the writing is fantastic oh
absolutely and for those of us in
business it's a really fun show to watch
because
you know we're fortunate at linkedin
that like that's not how we work
in any way shape or form but it's like
that old boys club corporation of years
past that is just it's really good
television not just the writing itself
how they shot the scenes right it's
incredible i love it too i hate every
single one of them oh they're awful
they are awful awful people if i meet
them i would smack them right but
just the way they interact with each
other the writing and also how they shot
the whole film that really really got me
into it it's interesting pam you
mentioned that because i've done a
little bit of reading on and this goes
back to kind of storytelling and the
importance of storytelling and how many
things you have to think about is that
they've actually designed the show
through
a set design costume design their
scripts whatnot to intentionally
make those characters unlikable to make
their lives seem
awful even though they have all this
money and access to all this power
their wardrobes aren't very exciting or
colorful the homes they live in aren't
super
like decorated or they don't feel homey
and familial and you know all of that is
supposed to signal to the audience that
you know hey it's not actually that
great being this wealthy this powerful
these people are all kind of miserable
so it's just interesting the the like
levers they've pulled to get that
message across to kind of get that
experience and also the visual cross you
know to actually help us to make that
connection
in our mind in addition to listen to
what they said
absolutely
steve it's wonderful wonderful talking
to you you have so much to share i enjoy
every single guest but i enjoyed this
episode substantially more because i was
a content marketer i was doing the
global world for a long period of time
so everything that you share with me
just resonates with me on top of it you
obviously was a whole lot smarter than
me
in terms of like managing the content
marketing so much better than me than
when i did it 10 years ago so thank you
so much for sharing your wisdom inside
it's wonderful wonderful to have you
thank you for having me pam it's always
great to have these conversations and
connect with other really brilliant b2b
marketers so really appreciate your time
and for having me on
so
that's a wrap and thank you so much for
watching the show or listening to this
episode i hope to see you and
if you have any questions let me know
hello camden.com anytime okay take care
bye
[Music]
never miss an episode of b2b marketing
and more by following us here on youtube
and leave a comment while you're at it
you can also find episodes wherever you
get your podcasts
[Music]
you